halli hello my dear sammys and have
you already thought about your series
made
it certainly is not always easy
but finding good idea that's true
In the end, there are certainly some
managed by you and have one
Ordinary place put together yet
what now
where should the series play and what
there is to be respected
the filming locations I have to admit that I am
in silver brews little inzell
but I have respected the shooting locations if one
The quality of this series is still
once you look then you know partly
Not where to complain
should start
important for the film is that she is on
the story are adapted
what would isola have in their video ?
already said it harms a good
story very much if you are in your own
Flat plays I know myself like
comfortable and cozy it is in your own
to turn room
see with my creeping how does but
even with the secret ways I will
sooner or later a complete new one
make overwork since the old one
quality simply no longer appropriate
So preferably it's out there
nice weather is looking for places with
low glass stone earth or moss for
for example, a golf course
shady place in the forest a dry
Cave or rock even at fresh
Meadow grass is the grass to corn
high so is best drives
try it once on the ground and
See how high the grass is growing
It should be on the filmclub as possible
difficult to recognize how big that
model drives in reality is standing
the casting horse up over his stomach
you should turn another one
search
also if one finds no place at the
no houses power lines road cars
rails et cetera can be seen
unless your acting life
actually in houses
because then you can also well away
you want to see a scene in one
let the apartment play
then build a small one best
backdrop for it
Here are some examples from mine
own series in which I have the error
did not pay attention to it much
fun
we can
do
where are the gods of nature
I am hereby completing my call
two new colleagues
be and fire to me
as you can see, it does hurt that
credibility of the series pretty strong
look for a quiet place best
then few people pass by
are you not disturbed so often or
village looked at
Believe me, I know that mostly
but then the people are satisfied
Hermann's watch loads and smiles then
She will be back to his hobby
Surely ask yourself what he is doing
but honestly after 20 meters have
they forget that for the most part
Do not worry, no one will
tearing his head off with one
camera her horses brings only opi photos
makes or is actually filming that
In the end, nobody ever sees it
Do not be discouraged by it
I wish you a lot of fun and many
great movie locations for my little sammys
next week